The quickest way to search the Werkstatt is with the simple search in the upper right-hand corner.
You can search formulae collections, charter corpora and E-Lexicon articles.
Lemma search and advanced search are also possible.
These will be covered in their own videos.
To search for a term, go the the simple search field,
type in the desired term,
suggestions for phrases to search are shown
(you need not choose any of these),
then click on the box(es)
for the corpora you wish to search,
Formulae and Charters in this case,
and then hit "Enter".
The Werkstatt will be searched and the results shown here.
You can filter, sort and download the results.
These functions will be explained in their own vidoes.